NP-17 : "GINSTR" Testing of "Air Conditioning Maintenece" app.
Summary
Testing of "Air Conditioning Maintenance" app in 'GINSTR' app.

Preconditions
Launch "Genymotion".
Open  "Ginstr Launcher" app, log in.
Download  "Air Conditioning Maintenance" app.
Open  "Air Conditioning Maintenance" app, log in.
Open home page https://sso.ginstr.com, log in.
Open "ginstr web" application.
Click "Air Conditioning Maintenance".

Step actions									Expected Results
1. In "Genymotion" fill in any "Customer name" and "Customer signature".	In browser's "Ginstr" report is saved with correct name, 
Tick all check-boxes next to each check. Add any information 			visible signature and all ticks next to each check. 
in "miscellanious information" text box.  					All columns filled correct.
Click "Save air conditioner maintenance report".

2. In "Genymotion" fill in any "Customer name" and "Customer signature". 	In browser's "Ginstr" report is saved with correct
Click"Save air conditioner maintenance report".					name and visible signature. All columns filled correct.

3. In "Genymotyon" fill all the information, except 				Report can't be saved without "customer's name" input.
of the "Customer" text box. Click "Save air conditioner maintenance report".

4. In "Genymotion" fill all the information except of the 			Report can't be saved without "customer's signature" input.
"Customer's signature". Click "Save air conditioner maintenance report".

5. In "Genymotion" -> "miscellanious" text box input > 100 symbols.		Text box is expanding to make all text visable or scroll bar shows up.

6. In "Genymotion" click "customer signature". Click "Save".			Button "Save" is disabled with no signature input.

7. In "Genymotion" click "customer signature", 					Signture is captured.
draw the signature, click"Save".

8. In "Genymotion"  click "customer signature", 				Field for signature cleared.
draw the signature, click "Clear".

9. In "Genymotion"  click "customer signature", click"Cancel".			"Customer signature" window is closed.

10. In "Genymotion" click "Settings" icon on the top of the screen, 		Language of whole application is changed.
click "Settings", click "select language". 
Choose any option different from current.